FIX SGDRegreesor and SGDClassifier use correct number of validation data (#23256)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  estimator of the noise variance cannot be computed.
  :pr:`21481` by :user:`Guillaume Lemaitre <glemaitre>`.

- |Fix| :class:`linear_model.SGDRegressor` and :class:`linear_model.SGDClassifier` now

>   computes the validation error correctly when earlystopping is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  computes the validation error correctly when early stopping is enabled.
```
